Update documentations (#135)
jugmac00/flask-reuploaded: docs/explanation.rst

Explanantion
=============

..

>   This section requires more improvements.

Reviewer: This comment does not add any value. With this pull request, you improve the quality of the documentation already so much. If you think you want to improve it even further, you could create an issue at the tracker, or just do it whenever you feel like.

Author: I'll remove the comment. 

But there is many causes make me unsatisfied with this section even after my edit:

- Titles is not exacltly the subject below them.
- Th whole section isn't logically built ( its titles not arranges neither chronologically nor  from easy to hard )
- The `default_dest` parameter, I can't really understand why it exist here?. In this section I kept the old subject with minimal arrangement of the sentenses.

All of this causes I will not try to fix them in this pull request. As I need to open `issues` before trying to touch them.

Author: There is many causes make me unsatisfied with this section even after my edit:

- Titles is not exacltly the subject below them.
- Th whole section isn't logically built ( its titles not arranges neither chronologically nor  from easy to hard )
- The `default_dest` parameter, I can't really understand why it exist here?. In this section I kept the old subject with minimal arrangement of the sentenses.

All of this causes I will not try to fix them in this pull request. As I need to open `issues` before trying to touch them.

Upload Sets
-----------

> ``UploadSet`` is The main object provided by this extension. Each `UploadSet` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``UploadSet`` is the main object provided by this extension. Each `UploadSet` is
```

> responsible for dealing with set of files. You declare `UploadSet` in the code::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
responsible for dealing with a set of files. You declare `UploadSet` in the code::
```

    photos = UploadSet('photos', IMAGES)

And then you can use the `UploadSet.save` method to save uploaded files and
`UploadSet.path` and `UploadSet.url` to access them.

> during saving & retrieving the uploaded file, `UploadSet` perform some security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During saving and retrieving the uploaded file, `UploadSet` performs some security
```

checks for you.

Security Checks:
----------------

Security itself is a huge subject and you should consider designing it

> seriously. This extension is not intended by first intention to protect your
> app. However ``Flask-Reuploaded`` extension tries to help you in preveting the
> common simple attacks or user errors. for Example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seriously. `Flask-Reuploaded`` extension tries to help you in preventing some
common attack vectors and user errors. For example::
```

I removed the one sentence - I do not think it adds any value.

>     - User can't upload file with filename that starts with `.` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Users can't upload files with filenames that start with `.` 
```

>       This means that user can't upload `.`, '..', '../../../home/{username}/.bash' or '../../my_app.wsgi'.
>       i.e:. filename will cahnged or internal server error will be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      e.g. `.`, '..', '../../../home/{username}/.bash' or '../../my_app.wsgi'.
      When a user tries to upload a file with such a filename, the file will be renamed.
```

What is the thing with the internal server error?

In which cases will it be raised? If you know one, we need to be more specific.

>     - User can't overwrite other users files i.e:. `similar filenames are suffixed by number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Users can't overwrite other users files i.e:. `similar filenames are suffixed by a number`.
```

>     - User can't upload file with extension suffix that is not allowed by the ``UploadSet``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Users can't upload files with extension suffix that is not allowed by the ``UploadSet``.
```

You are adviced to read the source code to explore the mechanism of dealing with

> each error/attack and you may decide to fix something yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each error/attack and you may decide to take additional actions.
```

Another security aspect that you should consider is the maximum allowed file

> size. This is ``NOT`` managed by `Flask-Reuploaded` extension nor the `Flask`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size. This is ``NOT`` managed by the `Flask-Reuploaded` extension nor by `Flask`
```

itself.

By default `Flask` will happily accept one hundred GB file upload till crashing your hard
drive by `no empty space error`. You can set maximum length by setting

> ``MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH`` configuration. after this `flask` will reject files that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH`` configuration. After this `Flask` will reject files that
```

are more than this limit.

> This is alone may not be enough. As uploading one thousand files of 10 MB length

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alone may not be enough. As uploading one thousand files of 10 MB length
```

> will crash your server also. This aspects is out of the scope of this extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
might crash your server, too. This aspects is out of the scope of this extension
```

but worth mentioned here.

> Default Dest Callable Parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``default_dest`` Callable Parameter:
```

We should not rename symbols - so our users can more easily find them when searching on the page.

--------------------------------

> `UploadSet` constructor can accept ``default_dest`` parameter, it is callable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UploadSet` constructor can accept ``default_dest`` parameter, it is a callable
```

> that takes the application as its argument & returns the destination path for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that takes the application as its argument and returns the destination path for
```

this set.

For example::

    .. code-block:: python

>         media = UploadSet('media', default_dest=lambda app: os.path.join(app.instance_path, "uploads"))

Reviewer: Could you make this a two liner? And pull out the lambda expression? Let's not make the code examples harder to understand for newcomers than necessary.

> This will save ypur uploads in the ``app.instance_path/uploads``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will save your uploads in the ``app.instance_path/uploads``
```

> MultiThreaded Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multithreaded Application
```

-------------------------

An `UploadSet`'s configuration can be stored on the app instance itself. That way,

> you can have upload sets being used by multiple apps that runs in different threads. Use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can have upload sets being used by multiple apps that run in different threads. Use the
```

`configure_uploads` function to store the configuration for the `UploadSet`s in
the application instance.

> You pass it the app and all of the `UploadSet`s instances. Calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You pass it the app and all of the `UploadSet`s instances. Calling
```

Could you rephrase this sentence? This is hard to understand.

`configure_uploads` more than once is safe. ::

    configure_uploads(app, (photos, media))

If your app has a factory function, that is a good place to call this
function.

File Upload Forms
-----------------

To actually upload the files, you need to properly set up your requests. As

> regard ``Flask-Reuploaded`` extension, The ``uploadset.save`` method recieves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regard to the ``Flask-Reuploaded`` extension, the ``uploadset.save`` method receives
```

> ``werzeug.datastructures.FileStorage`` object as its first parameter. Any object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``a werkzeug.datastructures.FileStorage`` object as its first parameter. Any object
```

with other type will raise ``TypeError``.

> You don't need to maually instruct this ``FileStorage`` object. Actually you

Reviewer: I do not understand this sentence.

Author: User doesn't need to do something like:

`my_file = FileStorage (request.stream)  `

before passing `my_file` to `UploadSet`.

I will remove this sentense.

recieve it by accessing ``flask.request.files['field_name']``.

> As declared by Flask_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As declared by Flask_:
```

    
    Note that files will only contain data if the request method was POST, PUT
    or PATCH and the <form> that posted to the request had
    enctype="multipart/form-data". It will be empty otherwise. 

.. _Flask: https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.1.x/api/#flask.Request.files

> This means that If request method is `GET`, it won't work at all, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if the request method is `GET`, it won't work at all, and
```

if you don't set the enctype, only the filename will be transferred.

> The field in the html form itself should be an ``<input type=file>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field in the HTML form itself should be an ``<input type=file>``.
```

.. code-block:: html+jinja

    <form method=POST enctype=multipart/form-data action="{{ url_for('upload') }}">
        ...
        <input type=file name=photo>
        ...
    </form>

If you are using a client other than the browser, you should configure your

> request manually to implement the flask requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request manually to implement the requirements required by Flask.
```
